but first let's head over to Bournemouth
and that incredible rags to riches story
a club facing liquidation just six years
ago will be hosting Premier League
football next season
our reporter Jamie we're can bring us
some more reaction Thanks welcome back
to Bournemouth who have been promising
you the main man himself all morning and
here he is Eddie hi
first things first Eddie how was the
party well it was a good gathering for
the families for the players and of
course of staff as well so it's just
good to be together and to be each
other's company is such a great night
for the club I've asked you a number of
times over the course of the season to
sort of put this fairy tale as a context
and you've always been you know not
quite there yet well no you are there so
just try to put the terms the
achievement that you've had this club it
has been an incredible journey and you
know when you look back at the time when
we were struggling and you know really
struggling to stay in existence to be in
this position we we didn't think would
ever be possible and it's taking an
incredible amount of work from a lot of
people to get here and of course there
are lot of supporters that we talk about
so frequently but they do deserve you
know all the credit at this stage
because it's down to them that Club
still here
what were those dark days like well they
were bleak because you didn't really
know from day to day what the future
held for Bournemouth so many financial
troubles for a number of years you did
worry whether the business was actually
viable and whether someone would take it
on and make a success of it thankfully
you had people that had Bournemouth in
their hearts chairman Jeff Moss to put
his own money into the club to keep it
funding through administration and then
of course coming out of administration
and you know getting a couple of motions
certainly helped and the new owner
maximum Denham came in and you know he's
really taking the club once through a
new level and it's those people that
really have made the difference
maximum Denham is still a bit of a
mystery figure to a lot of people what
what can you tell us about him what he's
done well it's just a private man that
doesn't want to be in the spotlight but
he I can tell everybody behind the
scenes that he cares deeply about the
club he wants to do things the right way
he's invested in the facilities not just
the playing squad but he has put his own
money and to try and take the club into
a different era really and to have the
bravery to do that because it's not
always when you're definitely not
guaranteed success in football and he's
taken you know a brave stance and
thankfully has paid off for him
and to an extent the hard work now
begins it's gonna be a busy old summer
isn't it give us an idea of what needs
to be done at the stadium the bits and
bobs you need to take care of whether
you'll be adding to your squad
well it certainly the stadium yeah
there's lots of things that we'll need
to to fix and put right and to make sure
that we're ready for Premier League
football in terms of the playing squad
that's something that you know I'm about
to prepare for now go in and start
working again and the beauty of being a
football manager
it never stops and you move on and we've
obviously got big game on on Saturday
that we'd love to win and then we're
planning all the time yeah I suppose you
would like to win the league as well
you've been top of the league for such a
lot of the season you would like to win
it we'd love to but you know it's not in
our hands that's in Watford towns and we
were just trying to our bit and try and
go to chart1 and be professional and
make sure we don't fall off our high
standards that we've set I know you're
so you're always very feet in the ground
you don't look too far ahead but there
must be one trip that you're looking
forward to Old Trafford the Emirates
Stamford Bridge is there one that's
really sticks out next season it's
difficult to say I think the Premier
League is such an amazing league with
with so many visits for us as a club
that we've never been on before that
that's gonna be something every week
that'll be will be new experience or
something we really look forward to it's
difficult to pick one out and I'm sure
the dust doesn't quite settled you're
still pinching yourself to believe it
actually happened yeah it does seem a
bit strange you know when you work so
hard for something you're desperate to
achieve it and when you get there it's
it's difficult to express yourself and
express your feelings but you know we're
very happy but of course as I said but
we'll never stops and we got to look
forward to tomorrow make sure we're
prepared for the next challenge
Eddy thanks very much for your time and
enjoy the celebrations long may they
continue what a story it's an overused
cliché fairy tale but it really has been
a fairy tale anyhow I came in 6 and a
bit years ago with the club sitting
second bottom of the league - and now
the Premier League is just a few months
away what a story